The BioDivine website is fully static and uses Material Design Components for styling and layout.

The website is generated by this root kotlin project. However, the project is primarily responsible
for generating the layout and gathering all content into the html files. The main pieces of content
are stored in the content directory using markdown syntax.

The tool then generates all html and scss files into the build directory where they are further 
processed using webpack.

This document contains all information about maintaining the biodivine website. 

The website is completely static (it can contain small javascript snippets to provide basic 
interactivity or links to external websites which provide interactive 
content, but overall the website should be stateless). The full website is generated by
Kotlin code in this repository. However, the main parts of the website content
can be found in separate markdown files in the content directory. The job of the Kotlin
code is to run automatic translations (markdown -> html, UML -> images, etc.) and
embed content into appropriate templates (navigation, styling, footer, etc.).

In order to build the website, just run `./gradlew run` which will output the CSS and HTML
files into the `out/website` directory. 

Homepage
    Tools
        Pithya
        BCSGen
        Parasim
    Notebooks
        TODO
    Libraries
        Map of BioDivine
        Documentation
    Development
        Guides
        BEEP
    
We want to build a static site 

What we need to support: 
 - markdown (using common mark)
 - math (using MathJax)
 - simple diagrams (using mermaid)
 - more complex UML stuff (plantUML)
 - material design components (pretty buttons, cards, chips, etc.)
 
